c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Inject\Inject\Inject\obj\Debug\Inject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Inject\Inject\Inject\bin\Debug\Inject.dll
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Inject\Inject\Inject\bin\Debug\Inject.pdb
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Inject\Inject\Inject\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Inject\Inject\Inject\bin\Debug\Naylah.Kernel.dll
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Inject\Inject\Inject\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Inject\Inject\Inject\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Inject\Inject\Inject\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Inject\Inject\Inject\bin\Debug\XLabs.Ioc.Autofac.dll
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Inject\Inject\Inject\bin\Debug\XLabs.Ioc.dll
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Inject\Inject\Inject\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Inject\Inject\Inject\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Inject\Inject\Inject\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Inject\Inject\Inject\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Inject\Inject\Inject\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Inject\Inject\Inject\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Inject\Inject\Inject\bin\Debug\XLabs.Ioc.xml
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Inject\Inject\Inject\bin\Debug\XLabs.Ioc.Autofac.xml
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Inject\Inject\Inject\obj\Debug\Inject.dll
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Inject\Inject\Inject\obj\Debug\Inject.pdb
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Inject\Inject\Inject\obj\Debug\Inject.dll.mdb
c:\users\aluno\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Inject\Inject\Inject\bin\Debug\Inject.dll.mdb
